#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Choerry - Love Cherry Motion"
Choerry: I think bats will start to fly into here like purrrr~
Choerry: If suddenly a light turns on!
(With this sound?)
Choerry: Purrrrrrr~
Choerry: I think a bat looks good with purple color~
Choerry: And that's me~
(Choerry becoming shameless...)
Choerry: Oops...
Choerry: (Conclusion) I'm going to do my best!
Kim Lip: Ms. Choerry who working hard.
JinSoul: Singer Choerry~
Kim Lip: 17 years old, her real name is Choerry!
JinSoul: Today's <Human Theater>
TV documentary miniseries
<Human Theater>
Kim Lip / Owl, The leader
"Choerry has a music video shooting today."
"She's practicing hard."
Kim Lip / Owl, The leader
"Would she do it well?"
Choerry / Fruit bat, The youngest
"Expression, important. Choreography, important. Walking, important"
"There's a lot of important things~"
Choerry / Fruit bat, The youngest
"And I have got to manage all the things on my own!"
"I can do it!"
JinSoul / Blue betta, The oldest
"A preview of the next episode"
"DDIRIRIRI"
JinSoul / Blue betta, The oldest
"Suddenly something happened in the MV shooting site...Will she be okay?"
TV documentary miniseries
<Human Theater>
-The End-